

User Stories: 
1. As a user, I should be able to access the page by entering the right URL into the browser.
2. As a user, I should be able to view the page layout, font style and alignment of text etc. 
3. As a user, I should be able to see the visible and active ‘Username’ and ‘Password’ fields on the Phantom screen.
4. As a user, I should be able to see the visible and active ‘Submit’ button on the Phantom screen.
5. As a user, I should be able to input valid entries only in the ‘Username’ and ‘Password’ fields.
6. As a user, I should be able to see that the password field is masked properly so that the characters are not visible.
7. As a user, I should be able to test the combination of numbers and special characters in the ‘Username’ and ‘Password’ fields.
8. As a user, I should be able to check that the minimum and maximum length of entries in the ‘Username’ and ‘Password’ fields are not exceeded.
9. As a user, I should be able to verify that the ‘Submit’ button is non-responsive when information is missing from either ‘Username’ or ‘Password’ field.
10. As a user, I should be able to verify that the page fails and displays an error message when an invalid ‘Username’ is entered.
11. As a user, I should be able to verify that the page fails and displays an error message when an invalid ‘Password’ is entered.
12. As a user, I should be able to verify that the page successfully navigates to the desired page when valid ‘Username’ and ‘Password’ are entered.
13. As a user, I should be able to verify that the ‘Submit’ button is non-responsive when ‘Username’ and ‘Password’ fields are left blank. 
14. As a user, I should be able to verify that there is a link to the ‘Forgot Password’ page.
15. As a user, I should be able to reset the password successfully by providing the valid credentials.
16. As a user, I should be able to reset the password with a valid email address.
17. As a user, I should be able to verify that the ‘Submit’ button is disabled when the ‘Username’ field is left blank.
18. As a user, I should be able to verify that the ‘Submit’ button is disabled when the ‘Password’ field is left blank.
19. As a user, I should be able to verify that the page fails and displays an error message when an invalid ‘Username’ and ‘Password’ are entered.
20. As a user, I should be able to get logged out after a certain period of time.